hello and welcome to ugly
culture my name is ann christin me
I'm 25 years old in 2013 I mean mine
graduation to the farmer made and
parallel to this the economist for
farming together with my family
economically a biobetrieb we
have two mobiles in the
be kept and
cows of the breed limousin the
get to see in another video
and today I show you like the stall
is constructed and how the everyday
work out so see how you see
Here is the mobile stall
he is fully mobile that is us
You can continue driving as you do
behind the wheels can see
and currently in the wiener here
Fenced every chicken has at least
eight square meters available and all
14 days the chickens are driven on
that means they stay in the barn
and in the morning we drive the steel
Continue and then when we fence again
will have built again
let out
Now I'll show you down here
we have the so-called culture space
He is always with straw and wood shavings
interspersed
there the chickens lie in front of everything
summer also very good heat now
was because the air starts to refuel
and now let's go to the stone
the right side we have limited
that 's a storage bin going 500
liter pure
It will be every seven to ten days
filled up and here can the chickens
lincoln left side we have the
feeding troughs and four pieces
with us every day to
how much eat but better
Overview of you the weather sometimes
The animals get corn wheat
triticale peas schroth sesame short
to eat sunflowers
that is you then so called mail
and in our own cultivation we have wheat
and the grains I get quite open
here are the perches where the chickens
long night sitting on and is here
because of its grid around it
is the code found that will be one
Twice as much as twice a week and you
we have the so-called misfortune
cold foam room I just ever
showed the chickens over there
go down the stairs so now
I show you just like that with
the webbing works that i have
just shown
as I said once or twice a week
the cult band will be listed
here's a curve that's on it
stuck and the best of a hand
be operated
Zakopane with a shovel from
front loader of tractor goes down and
then the whole turned and the mist
then falls in principle in the shovel
purely
Now I'll show you one of the
everyday work and that is the
to collect the eggs
we have here of these blasphemies
interspersed with spelled, game
that the eggs keep falling in and out
do not break
Among other things, things can also be
we build a nest so to speak
so that here is for example one
so called clubs we try the
hatch eggs
that's an instinct from the hat
but unfortunately I have to go now
Take it away because I sell it that way
nest is empty now
I'm going to the other yet
collect and if you liked it
then turn on next time too
again
the next time I show you how the
Resistance is put forward as we are
then continue and from the
mother cows, I will give you also what
demonstrate
and yes, I 'm looking forward to the next one
let's shoot